# OpenWebRX_Settings
Exports of my OpenWebRX settings

OpenWebRX is a web-based Software Defined Radio (SDR) receiver
application that allows you to listen to radio frequencies from anywhere
in the world using an SDR dongle and a computer. The settings in OpenWebRX
allow you to customize the application to suit your specific needs and
preferences. Here's a brief explanation of some of the main settings:

1. General Settings: This section includes basic configuration options
such as the audio output device, sampling rate, gain, and frequency
correction.

2. Tuning and Reception: These settings control how OpenWebRX tunes to and
receives signals. You can set the tuning step size, filter bandwidth, AGC
mode, and more.

3. Decimation: Decimation is a process used to reduce the amount of data
being processed by the SDR, which can help improve performance and reduce
CPU usage. This setting allows you to choose the decimation ratio.

4. Modulation Mode: This setting determines how OpenWebRX demodulates the
received signals. You can choose between various modulation modes such as
AM, FM, USB/LSB, CW, and more.

5. Bandplan: The bandplan settings allow you to configure which frequency
bands and channels OpenWebRX displays in the waterfall and spectrum
display.

6. Recording: This section allows you to configure how OpenWebRX records
audio files. You can set the recording format, sample rate, duration
limit, and more.

7. Interfaces: These settings allow you to configure how OpenWebRX
communicates with external devices such as rotators or logging software.

8. Miscellaneous: This section includes various other settings such as
language preference, display options, and hotkeys.

These are just some of the main settings in OpenWebRX. There are many
others that you can explore to customize the application further.
